The biggest advice that I could present to somebody who went through a
tough life similar to me. My life wasn't extremely tough, it's the
way that I looked at it, other people would say that I had a tough life.
I mean I've seen roaches in my bathroom I've had mice crawl over
my feet. I've, I've smelled gunpowder you know, from outside. I've
had a pimp you know, hit his prostitute outside my door. These are
things that I've experienced and I gotta say you know, as much as, as
strong as I want to be for saying you know, it didn't affect me I'm
strong but I think that you know, it really changed my life and I
know that a lot of people, especially ones that join the military have
had similar careers you know my story is not unique. So I think one
of the things that has helped me in order to look at my past better
is to have different experiences. Another thing that I'm proud of
is the fact that my dad was in the army and I got to go to Germany.
So just being in that other environment, being surrounded by German
kids, needing to speak the German language, you know eating bratwurst
you don't like, having that different experience allowed me to come
back to Flint and say you know, this isn't life, this is one part
of life, but there are people in Florida that are you know going to
Disneyland, people in Germany you know doing Octoberfest, there are
people in Japan you know eating Ramanan watching anime. This is just
one small sliver, and if you can somehow escape from that environment,
or even maybe do something within that environment to make it better
you know, then you can see that you don't have to be disheartened
by your, by your surroundings. It's just what you make of it.